# Experience-of-time-as-relative-to-the-perimeter-of-a-complete-oscillation-around-a-bibolar-axis
Experience of time as relative to the perimeter of a complete oscillation around a bibolar axis, with manipulation of time being relative to the radius. Experience of time is relative to perspective of distance traveled by a point within the oscillation of a wave. A point which exists at a short radius within an oscillation will travel a shorter distance or "experience of time" throughout the wave then a point at a long radius will travel during the same oscillation. Time experienced within a vacuum is effected by the compression of waves or "moving particles". Compression of matter reduces the available radius for electrons that rotate around atoms within the substance. Every rotation of an electron around an atom is a single oscillation of a wave. Objects that exist in large orbital paths will experience time as greater in a single orbit than objects in smaller orbits.

Decay throughout time is relative to destructive forces of being pushed and pulled by positive and negative polarity of the axis which an object orbits. Larger orbits create less decay per oscillation perimeter traveled within every oscillation than smaller orbits. Objects when put under great volumes of presure instantly decay, break apart, and crumble. The decay of metal is visible almost instantly when places under a load which creates pressure that instantly ages the metal by reducing the radius of orbiting molecules within the structure. As the pressure is placed, the metal fatigues and cracks because it has been aged into a state of critical decay.

The human body experiences physical pressure and reacts with resistance or decay. An individual who lifts weights at the gym will see muscles increase in volume to accomidate larger radial oscillations to push back against external pressures. An individual who experiences stress at work, which results in increased blood pressure will decay and experience heart failure if physical exercise is not used to increase the available radius for oscillation of molecules within the body.

Scientists and electricians often measure and observe what goes on outside an electric coil, such as how much energy goes into or out from a coil. The study of what exists within an electric coil and how it compares to what exists outside the same coil is rarely studied. Travel of time is possible via starting a path along the inside of an electric coil, the exiting the coil, traveling a distance from the axis of the coil, and then traveling back into the coil.
